mk_add_options MOZ_CO_PROJECT=mail
ac_add_options --enable-application=mail

ac_add_options --prefix=/usr
ac_add_options --libdir=/usr/lib
ac_add_options --enable-pie

# System libraries
ac_add_options --with-system-nspr
ac_add_options --with-system-nss
ac_add_options --with-system-jpeg
ac_add_options --with-system-zlib
ac_add_options --with-system-bz2
ac_add_options --with-system-png
ac_add_options --with-system-libevent
ac_add_options --with-system-libvpx
ac_add_options --with-system-icu
ac_add_options --enable-system-hunspell
ac_add_options --enable-system-sqlite
ac_add_options --enable-system-ffi
ac_add_options --enable-system-cairo
ac_add_options --enable-system-pixman

# Features
ac_add_options --enable-official-branding
ac_add_options --enable-safe-browsing
ac_add_options --enable-startup-notification
ac_add_options --enable-gio
ac_add_options --enable-gstreamer=1.0

ac_add_options --disable-gnomevfs
ac_add_options --disable-crashreporter
ac_add_options --disable-updater
ac_add_options --disable-tests
ac_add_options --disable-mochitest
ac_add_options --disable-installer
ac_add_options --disable-debug-symbols

# Optimization
ac_add_options --enable-optimize

# PGO
mk_add_options PROFILE_GEN_SCRIPT='EXTRA_TEST_ARGS=10 $(MAKE) -C $(MOZ_OBJDIR) pgo-profile-run'

export MOZILLA_OFFICIAL=1
mk_add_options MOZILLA_OFFICIAL=1
